you
so today we actually employed a
beautiful guitar here it's ibanez RG 652
nebula green burst which is that awesome
color up top the cool thing about this
guy is actually an ash body which isn't
too common for the RG z get a lot of
like a password or or even some
sometimes like a mahogany which is not
too common but still anyways so this
one's pretty cool it's a prestige made
Japan really good color DiMarzio tone
zone and err Norton which is a pretty
common a combination for pickups sound
pretty good it's a nice tone bird's-eye
maple which pretty cool you can see the
little details of the knots in the wood
which is awesome the binding is pretty
cool goes all around the whole body of
the guitar and the neck and also around
the headstock this is a matching finish
pretty good pretty good
um yeah but other than that pretty
standard build really good quality made
in Japan and yeah let's plug it in see
how she sounds